lightning: add doc for send-kv-size (#13870)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

#  - remove: records all duplicate records in the target table to the lightning_task_info database, like the 'record' algorithm.
#    But it removes all duplicate records from the target table to ensure a consistent state in the target TiDB.
# duplicate-resolution = 'none'

> # The maximum number of KVs in one request when sending data to TiKV in physical import mode.

Author: ```suggestion
# The maximum number of KV pairs in one request when sending data to TiKV in physical import mode.
```

# Starting from v7.2.0, this parameter is deprecated and no longer takes effect after it is set.
# If you want to adjust the amount of data sent to TiKV in one request, use the `send-kv-size` parameter instead.

> # send-kv-pairs = 3200

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# send-kv-pairs = 32768
```

Reviewer 2: 这个上次成选说让改成 3200 了

Author: 已经在这个 PR 里改成 3200 了  https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/13993/files#diff-e60eb511e8e7fcd107a7d3a7d3da20c1e422686d723c4f14446d0c05cb22c08b

Author: 经过讨论，先保留 send-kv-pairs = 32768

> # The maximum size of one request when sending data to TiKV in physical import mode.

Reviewer 2: @D3Hunter MB 是不是也支持，建议给出几个写法

Reviewer: 之后统一补吧，store-write-bwlimit 也没有

Reviewer 2: ok
